The person who came up with the phrase* "If you want something done right 
you better do it yourself" *didn't take into account that myself 
is a fucking idiot.

--@kanoadaddy (TikTok)

%

The year is 2035. Marie Kondo holds up the condemned man to the crowd. 

"Does this man spark joy?"

The crowd jeers, "No he does not!" 

She nods silently and throws him into the pit.

-- @babdookspinoza (Twitter)

%

More people are mad that Idris Elba could play James Bond but never 
seemed fussed that Jesus was always a white man..

You don't have to be a genius to know what that means now do you....

IT'S TIME FOR IDRIS ELBA TO PLAY JESUS THATS RIGHT MY FRIENDS GATHER ROUND

-- @River_Niles (Twitter)

%

Potato chips have been enjoyed since time immemorial, but since 
plain chips are already salted, "salt and vinegar" chips should just be 
called "vinegar chips". In this essay I will

-- Ryan North (Twitter)

%
DND allows you to play out even the most impossible fantasies, such as:

-Speaking multiple languages
-Traveling with friends
-Being Charismatic
-Waking up Early
-Having money

-- @Bouuvine (Twitter)

%


can't believe they cancelled Vivaldi after just four seasons

-- @Holy_Mowgli (Twitter)

%


As someone who works in both the wholesale and retail side of wine, 
let me reassure you: if you like what you're drinking then 
you're drinking the right wine.

-- komara (MetaFilter)

%

Worth noting that a house full of compromised IoT devices 
is functionally indistinguishable from one that's haunted.

-- mhoye (MetaFilter)

%

In a professional presentation I’m giving next week I include a helpful
footnote explaining that 20,000 megawatts is enough power to send 
roughly 16.53 DeLoreans to 1985. Y’know, for context.

-- nickmark (MetaFilter)

%
also imma just say that the overall quality of space discussions on the 
internet has boomed since kerbal space program was released.

-- kaibutsu (MetaFilter)

%

Any sufficiently advanced discussion about artificial intelligence is 
indistinguishable from phenomenology.

-- gwint (MetaFilter)

%
